# Keyword Spotting STM32 Project
The application currently supports and is set up using the TinyConv model from the  tensorflow lite micro micro_speech example that detects 2 keywords (Yes, No). 

The build phase was adapted from the [stm32 project template repository](https://github.com/prtzl/stm32) by prtzl and the keyword spotting application was adapted from the [tflite-micro micro_speech example](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro/tree/main/tensorflow/lite/micro/examples/micro_speech) and integrated with the stm32f746g discovery board.

---

## Directories

### 1. Core
- Contains the stm32f746g discovery source and header files for initializing the board.

### 2. CubeMX
- Contains all necessary files generated by the STM32CubeMX namely the .ioc project file, Makefile, startup script, and linker script.

### 3. Drivers
- Contains the Board Support Package (BSP), Common Microcontroller Software Interface Standard (CMSIS) driver, and Hardware Abstraction layer (HAL) driver files.

### 4. KWS
- Contains the source files and headers along with the Tensorflow lite Micro (TFLM) and third party libraries for the keyword spotting application code.

### 5. Utilities
- Contains some stm32f7xx board utilities namely the CPU, fonts, and log utilities.

### *build
- Generated once the build command is run which contains the .bin, .elf. .hex, and other compiled and linked objects resulting from the build process.

---
## Main build Files

### 1. CMakeLists.txt
- Sets up the project source and include paths along with the compiler, linker, and other build flags for both C and C++.

### 2. Makefile
- Initializes the build process using cmake.
- The following commands are run from the main makefile inside a docker container, however they can also be executed natively *(must execute in project root)* : 
    - `make clean` will remove the build folder along with all built files.
    - `make -j{number of cores}` will start the build process for the whole project using 8 cores.

### 3. gcc-arm-none-eabi.cmake
- Project-independent toolchain configuration
- Set for Generic ARM GCC none eabi compiler.

--- 
